Little Red Riding Hood

Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived with her mother in a little cottage, on the edge of a large dark forest. This little girl often wore a little cloak with a pretty little red hood, and for this reason people called her Little Red Riding Hood.

One morning, Red Riding Hood's mother called to her and said, 'Little Red Riding Hood, here is a little basket with some bread and butter and sugar cookies. Take this little basket to the cottage of your grandmother who lives on the other side of the forest. Shake a leg! Don't stop along the way! And under no circumstances, don't stop to talk with strangers!'

'Okay, mother,' replied Little Red Riding Hood, and took the little basket and started off. On her way to the cottage of her grandmother, Little Red Riding Hood met an enormous wolf. 'Well, well, well!' said this wicked wolf, 'if it isn't Little Red Riding Hood! Where's our pretty little girl going with her little basket?'

'I am going to my grandmother's,' replied the little girl. 'Grandma's sick in bed. I am taking her some bread and butter and sugar cookies.'

'Oh ho! Have a pleasant walk,' said the wicked wolf, but he thought to himself, 'I'll take a short cut to the cottage of her grandmother. I'll catch up with her later, and then - oh boy!'

So the wicked wolf took a short cut, and when he reached the cottage of her grandmother, peeked in her window, and saw that the poor old woman was lying in her bed. In a flash, this abominable wolf leaped on her bed and ate her up. Then he pulled on her grandmother's nightcap and nightgown, and he curled up in her bed.

In a little while, Little Red Riding Hood arrived at her cottage, and rang her doorbell. 'Come in, sweetheart,' said the wicked wolf, disguising his voice. Little Red Riding Hood entered the bedroom and stood by her grandmother's bed.

'Oh Grandma!' cried the little girl, 'What big eyes you've got! I've never seen such big eyes!' 'Better to see you with, darling,' whispered this rascal wolf, with a wicked smile. 'Oh Grandma, what a big nose! I never saw such an enormous nose!' 'Better to smell you with,' said the wolf, and his mouth was watering. 'Oh Grandma, what a big mouth you've got! I never saw such a big mouth!'

These were our unfortunate girl's last words. All of a sudden, throwing off the covers and springing out of bed, this cruel and bloodthirsty wolf seized poor Little Red Riding Hood and gobbled her up.

Moral: Under no circumstances should little girls stop to talk with strangers.